Add onSuccess Callback Infos about undoable prop (#5260)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/CreateEdit.md

Once the `dataProvider` returns successfully after save, users see a generic notification ("Element created" / "Element updated"). You can customize this message by passing a custom success side effect function as [the `<Edit onSuccess>` prop](#onsuccess):

> By default, when saving with optimistic rendering, the `onSuccess` callback is called immediately. To change that, you need to pass `undoable={false}` to your `<Edit />` or `<Create />` component. The `onSuccess` callback will be then called at the end of the dataProvider call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when saving with optimistic rendering, the `onSuccess` callback is called immediately. To change that, you need to pass `undoable={false}` to your `<Edit />` or `<Create />` component. The `onSuccess` callback will then be called at the end of the dataProvider call.
```

Reviewer: Sorry...

> Per default, when saving is executed with optimistic rendering, the `onSuccess` callback is directly called. To change it, you need to pass `undoable={false}` to your `<Edit />` or `<Create />` component. Then, the `onSuccess` callback will be called at the end of the dataProvider call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bydefault, when saving with optimistic rendering, the `onSuccess` callback is called immediatly. To change that, you need to pass `undoable={false}` to your `<Edit />` or `<Create />` component. The `onSuccess` callback will be then called at the end of the dataProvider call.
```

> In addition, saved object will not be available as an argument to the `onSuccess` callback method when `undoable` feature is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the saved object will not be available as an argument of the `onSuccess` callback method when `undoable` feature is enabled.
```
